README.md, before:

# Trading portfolio


## Useful links
- [Mono repo lerna and yarn](https://medium.com/naresh-bhatia/sharing-ui-components-with-lerna-and-yarn-workspaces-be1ebca06efe)

### Client useful links

- [How to update the Apollo Client’s cache after a mutation](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-update-the-apollo-clients-cache-after-a-mutation-79a0df79b840)

### Backend useful links

- [GraphQL editor](https://app.graphqleditor.com)
- [Handling Auth in GraphQL (the right way)](https://zach.codes/handling-auth-in-graphql-the-right-way/)
- [Advanced GraphQL Directive Permissions with Prisma](https://medium.com/@lastmjs/advanced-graphql-directive-permissions-with-prisma-fdee6f846044)
- [GraphQL Schema Design: Building Evolvable Schemas](https://blog.apollographql.com/graphql-schema-design-building-evolvable-schemas-1501f3c59ed5)
- [GraphQL Remote Schema Stitching in a Multi-Service Architecture](https://medium.com/provablyfair/graphql-remote-schema-stitching-in-a-multi-service-architecture-ac329037f082)

Commit message:

Test example of graphql modules with TS and prisma

README.md, after:

# Trading portfolio

Trading portfolio at the moment is an experimental framework to create a modular app to manage a portfolio of investments.

## How to run
`yarn`

### Useful architecture links
- [Mono repo with lerna and yarn](https://medium.com/naresh-bhatia/sharing-ui-components-with-lerna-and-yarn-workspaces-be1ebca06efe)
- [GraphQl featured based modules](https://medium.com/the-guild/graphql-modules-feature-based-graphql-modules-at-scale-2d7b2b0da6da)

### Client useful links

- [How to update the Apollo Client’s cache after a mutation](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-update-the-apollo-clients-cache-after-a-mutation-79a0df79b840)

### Backend useful links

- [GraphQL editor](https://app.graphqleditor.com)
- [Handling Auth in GraphQL (the right way)](https://zach.codes/handling-auth-in-graphql-the-right-way/)
- [Advanced GraphQL Directive Permissions with Prisma](https://medium.com/@lastmjs/advanced-graphql-directive-permissions-with-prisma-fdee6f846044)
- [GraphQL Schema Design: Building Evolvable Schemas](https://blog.apollographql.com/graphql-schema-design-building-evolvable-schemas-1501f3c59ed5)
- [GraphQL Remote Schema Stitching in a Multi-Service Architecture](https://medium.com/provablyfair/graphql-remote-schema-stitching-in-a-multi-service-architecture-ac329037f082)
